Extensions Endpoints Guides Security Improvements (#19547)
directus/directus: docs/guides/extensions/hooks-validate-number-twilio.md

## Build the Hook

> Create a collection called Customers with a text field called `phoneNumber`. This hook will be used to validate the item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a collection called Customers with a text field called `phone_number`. This hook will be used to validate the item
```

I dont think we should start using pascalCase for database fields in the docs.

Reviewer 2: Will revert 👍
